---
path: emilys-skin-care-routine
date: 2021-03-30T03:24:15.964Z
title: Emily's skin care routine
description: Jeff has so graciously given up his platform again to allow me to
  ramble on about what is currently holding real estate in my brain. So without
  further adieu, ladies and gentleman, what you’ve all been waiting for...
---
Jeff has so graciously given up his platform again to allow me to ramble on about what is currently holding real estate in my brain. So without further adieu, ladies and gentleman, what you’ve all been waiting for:

MY SKIN CARE ROUTINE.

I will now walk you through step by step how I clean my face XD

1. I always start by taking off my makeup. I am going to take a quick moment to shame you if you are still using Neutrogena makeup remover wipes. Like, come on girl, what are you doing?! It’s 2021; don’t you even watch Hyram’s videos? Anywho, I will use Ponds cold cream to remove my eye makeup if I am wearing any. Next, I will go in with my Banilla Co. original 3-1 makeup removing balm. This shit is fantastic. I buy the mega-size at a whopping 6.7 oz. I am telling you it will last you 4 months AT LEAST. I also want to note I typically will use this even if I do not have makeup on, just to really get rid of the dirt, oil, and sunscreen that has accumulated on my face throughout the day. If y’all are not on the double cleansing train yet, I suggest you hop on. 
2. Next, I will cleanse my face with my Good Molecules soap-free clarify and cleanse bar. Some may think it is bizarre that I chose to use a bar to clean my face, but I am telling you this shit is magic. Kackie Reviews Beauty introduced me to Good Molecules and man, am I so grateful for her because of it. 
3. After my face is cleansed, I go in with my Good Molecules Niacinamide brightening toner. I love this because it helps to bring back hydration after washing my face, and it has definitely made an impact on fading some of my acne scars. Don’t be fooled; good skincare takes patience. You may not see all your flaws removed after one night, but staying consistent with a product like this can make a world of a difference. 
4. Depending on the status of my skin, I then go in with my Wishtrend 5% Mandelic acid. It has a similar consistency to a toner, but its purpose is to help gently exfoliate the skin. My skin tends to be super dry and sensitive so I have to be careful with what acids I incorporate into my skin care. I have found even lactic acid, which is known for being one of the more gentle acids, to be too harsh for my skin. The mandelic acid has not given me any problems thus far, but I also chose to stay away from it when my skin is feeling tight and itchy. 
5. This step is dedicated to face masks. It is important to note that face masks are not part of my daily routine because that would just be doing too much. I have two main face masks that I alternate between. When my skin needs a detox I use the Innisfree Pore Clearing Clay Mask with Super Volcanic Clusters. This is a fairly new product for me but let me tell you it has SAVED ME. As much as I hate to admit it, there are nights where I get too drunk or am just too damn tired to take my makeup off. I am not proud to say it, but I do make the biggest skin care fail every now and then, but this product saves me a lot of heartache when I do fuck up. The other mask in my routine is the I’m From Honey Mask. This has a stupid high honey concentrate, but it hydrates and softens my skin like no other. Typically I will do each of these masks once a week. 
6. One of my newest holy grail products is my COSRX Advanced Snail 96 Mucin Power Essence. Yes, it is exactly what it sounds like. I legit rub the icky gooey shit from a snail’s ass on my face. And let me tell you, I wish I started doing it sooner. My skin feels so damn soft and hydrated after this product, and I wake up every morning looking super refreshed. Not to mention it does a wonderful job of prepping my skin before I beat my face. 
7. Finally, the routine comes to an end when I slather my Cerave Daily Moisturizing Lotion all over my face. You either love Cerave or hate it, but let me tell you I am a bitch that loves Cerave. After years of working at Sephora and sticking my nose up at drug store makeup and skincare, I have been truly humbled to learn I was paying way too much to have my skin still look like shit. I truly believe this moisturizer has helped me reach my skin goals. 

Now I have written this post from the perspective of my nighttime skincare routine. But really not much changes during the day. The biggest changes are I will only go in with one of the cleansers if I am going to wash my face. But honestly, sometimes just some cold water does the trick. Again, my skin tends to be very dry and sensitive so I find that sometimes doing less is more. Then I will use the Good Molecules Toner, Snail Mucin, and Cerave moisturizer. And as anyone who knows me can guess my final step in my daytime routine is SUNSCREEN. Every day, multiple times a day, even if I am staying inside. Okay realistically, again, I am human and fuck this step up sometimes. But I try my damn best to make sure my skin is protected all day long. I still use the Dear Klairs Soft Airy UV Essence despite the controversy behind it. I will also try to incorporate more forms of SPF for further protection. I just bought the Cerave Sheer tinted SPF 30 face moisturizer and am so far loving it. But my ride or die will forever be the Ilia True Skin Serum Foundation with SPF 40. 

And folks, that is a day in the life of my face. I’m sure this is not the post you wanted or needed, but it is the post that was ultimately inevitable.