content/blog/this-will-make-your-players-lives-easier.md, before:

---
path: this-will-make-your-players-lives-easier
date: 2021-04-09T22:39:34.913Z
title: This will make your players' lives easier
description: Copywriting practice for an email that I want to send out to
  lacrosse coaches on Long Island to grow String Theory.
---
Hi Coach,

I'm sure many of your players are currently getting their sticks strung at a store like Lacrosse Unlimited or String It Up. I used to work at one of these stores and understand how slow the turnaround can be, not to mention having to drive to and from the store to drop off and pick up their stick.

I've decided to go solo and offer lacrosse products and services [here](https://stringtheory.us/jeffcanstring) with FREE pickup & delivery to anywhere on Long Island! Many of the services and products can be fulfilled within the SAME DAY of placing an order.

Do you mind passing my business information along to your players and their parents? Attached is a promotion for them to get 20% off their first order with me.

Thanks,

Jeff

Commit message:

Update Blog “this-will-make-your-players-lives-easier”

content/blog/this-will-make-your-players-lives-easier.md, after:

---
path: this-will-make-your-players-lives-easier
date: 2021-04-09T22:39:34.913Z
title: This will make your players' lives easier
description: Copywriting practice for an email that I want to send out to
  lacrosse coaches on Long Island to grow String Theory.
---
Hi Coach,

I'm sure many of your players are currently getting their sticks strung at a store like Lacrosse Unlimited or String It Up. I used to work at one of these stores and understand how slow the turnaround can be, not to mention having to drive to and from the store to drop off and pick up their stick.

I've decided to go solo and offer lacrosse products and services [here](https://stringtheory.us/jeffcanstring) with FREE pickup & delivery to anywhere on Long Island! Many of the services and products can be fulfilled within the SAME DAY of placing an order.

Would you be opposed to helping me pass this information along to the players and their parents? Attached is a promotion for them to get 20% off their first order with me.

Thanks,

Jeff
